  I have recognized my weakness. I have discovered what I have always hidden from others and what I need to work on more.

  I was surprised to realize that I forgive people a lot and often give them a second chance. Marvel, I love challenges and I'm courageous.

  The strengths that stood out the most in me are forgiveness and compassion. Mercy you.

  I realized that I need to be more courageous in my education. I accept more challenges, change my perspective and embrace my specialty more. In the long run, I see that it was a good choice.

  The moment I participated in the hackathon where I had complete project in just 12 hours, bringing out all my knowledge and everything I had and finally I won.

  So this experience helps me participate actively and better manage my time, my energy and my stress.

  This activity allows me to have professional conversations with others and try to understand them.

  My strength, love and intimacy helped me work with my peers. I feel comfortable with others and I make them feel comfortable with me either, allowing them to be themselves without fear or judgment. In turn, I can also be myself, stay natural and not feel nervous.

  This activity made me realize that I need to believe in myself and my work, rather than waiting for others, in cards or motivate me to move forward and to achieve my goals.

  I think the part that makes me reflect what matters most in my studies is the part where I should answer a bad question about my skills and my learning and what I should do in my life and things.

  My perspective on my academic journey, I need to change my routines to be more organized, more dynamic and more effective.

  The chance for me is when I need to be myself to the truth and not hide from my reality and my thoughts.

  I respond to the challenge by being myself, not wrongly, and accepting who I am for the first time in my life.

  I think I felt sad and really lonely during this activity.

 The moment that made me feel excited, curious and frustrated is at the beginning of this activity because I have a good curious about what's coming next.

  The part where I need to choose my 5 strings is the part that gave me the most engaged.

  Yeah, I learned to deal with my stressor and my obstacles in this activity where I need to think more about my answers and to choose things and to fail what I need to choose.

  My thoughts changed about overcoming difficulties with to be more courageous, more motivated, more organized, to love what I do and to love what I want to do and what is coming.

  this experience helped me in my real life where I should be, where I should to deal with my stress and my time and do not be overthinking and to overthink and not to think more about what people think about me and not to be judged.

  I think to move forward, I need to be myself, I need to motivate myself, not to wait for other people to motivate me, motivated me, or to encourage me, or to tell me what I should do, I need to be myself.

  Only I don't talk to me for myself when I face with difficulties because I run for others when I face with difficulties so I need to talk more with myself to handle my difficulties with him and my own.

  This experience made me realize that I need to be more confident in myself, to be more motivated, to work on myself more, and to talk to myself, to be more confident and love what I should do. I'm sure that I need to be more motivated, to be more motivated, to work on myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself more, and to talk to myself

  It was a nice experience, a lovely experience, it's new for me and I love it more.

